Translation corrections (#258)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/yoig_badend1.txt

//rこんなところで、一生を終えるとは…。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "こんなところで、一生を終えるとは…。",
			NULL, "I can't believe this is where I die...", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r園崎さんの正体も、得体の知れない存在も、美雪ちゃんを始め、ここに集まった者たちの正体も、謎は何一つ分からないまま、俺の意識は虚空へと散った。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine(NULL, "", NULL, "<size=-2>", Line_Continue); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "園崎さんの正体も、得体の知れない存在も、美雪ちゃんを始め、ここに集まった者たちの正体も、謎は何一つ分からないまま、俺の意識は虚空へと散った。",

> 			NULL, "And so, with still no idea who or what Sonozaki-san was, the truth about Miyuki-chan or any of the other people I met here, or the truth behind any of the mysteries found here, my consciousness faded into oblivion.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "And so, with still no idea who or what Sonozaki-san was, without learning the truth behind Miyuki-chan or any of the other people I met here, and failing to unravel any of the mysteries found here, my consciousness faded into oblivion.", Line_Normal);
```
